'Corvocado' : 

OK 

'How High The Moon' : I-V open constituent


'You Stepped Out Of A Dream': Deep I-V open constituent

I get why it's drawn as it is, but to me it feels weird connecting the Db7
to Eb rather than C


'This Can't Be Love' : I-V open constituent in first A

Different from the Fakebook transscription - not so easy to check for me

'Take The A Train' : 

Should maybe actually be a I-V constituent if the first A turnaround is
included in the tree? (G7 treelet at 0100) That turnaround is omitted e.g.
in the fakebook (it does have a Db9 going back to the C starting the final
A part).

'Just In Time' : I-II open constituent(?)

Why are some Gm in treelet at 100 part of their own tree, while one is
hanging off the top C7? "Tonicization" vs preparation?


'Just Friends' : I-V open constituent

Again transcriptions differ. In the real book, the G7 at 10000 is a Db7
(movement by semitone vs by fifth). Also, the F#%7 at 11000100 is omitted.

'Jersey Bounce' : Strangely _not_ a I-V open constituent?

After discussion with Daniel - this _should_ be a I-V open constituent in
the first A-part, meaning the Abo7 and Gm7 at 01000 and 010010 respectively
should form the right-most part of the subtree at 00

'I'll Close My Eyes' : I-V open constituent

It's not obvious to me what part of the turnaround/half cadence should end
up on which side of the tree (especially since the transcription I find has
a Abo7 instead of the D7, and a Gb7/C instead of a C7 - but that's
basically the same..). After some thought and discussion with Daniel, it is
either fine as it is, or it is possbly a very long turnaround.

'I Can't Give You Anything But Love' : i-V open constituents en masse

The question here is, again whether these are half cadences or turnarounds.
Not an easy decision.

'I Can't Believe...You're In Love...'

Another one I can't find a lead sheet or recording of right away.

'Hackensack' : OK

'Fine Romance, A' : Open I-V constituent

I'm not sure if the second chord is a preparation of the third (as
written), or a prolongation of the first (similar for the fourth, and also
in the repeat ofc), but this depends a bit on how you feel the phrasing in
the melody. 

'Donna Lee' : Open I-V constituent

Again it's, to me, ambiguous how the phrasing should work. I could the
final two chords of the A part more as a turnaround (upbeat) rather than a
half cadence, which would still leave us with a I-II open constituent.

We could also view the initial chord of the B part as "two chords", one the
final I of the A part, and one the first I of the B part.

Apart from that the chords also differ between transcriptions. In the Real
Book I, I have an Ab as the first chord of the last four bars (it's a Cm in
the tree), which - I would argue - does not necessarily prepare the
following F7, but rather serves as a prolongation of the final tonic.

'Day By Day' : Open I-V constituent?

The tune is ultimately in G, but plays around to such a degree in A dorian
that it almost acts as a secondary tonic, especially around the move
between A and B - specifically, I read the annotation of the A7-E7 treelet
that spans the A part as a "II-VI" (or (I-V)/ii) open constituent. 

I might also include the last Am7 of part A as part of the left-hand
treelet, but this is a separate issue.

'Dancing in the Dark : Open I-V constituent

No transcription, I don't know the tune

'Candy'

Pretty straightforward, though one may quibble about the exact way the A
phrase is broken down hierarchically - I personally don't understand why
the Eb is privileged as preparing the Bb rather than part of the general
chromatic descending pattern down to Cm, but this may be something that is
clearer with explanation.

'Beautiful Love' : Open I-V constituent

Again a quibble - where does the first Bb7's go in the tree? I feel that it
is more like a prolongation with the Gm rather than a preparation of the
penultimate A7.

'Baubles, Bangles And Beads'

I wonder if it would make sense to restructure the subtree at 1001 to
make it more similar to the what goes on in the first A part. Something
like

[.$Ab$ [.$Ebm7$ [.$Bbm7$ [.$F7$ [.$F7$ [.$F7$ [.$Ebm7$ $Bbm7$ $Ebm7$ ] [.$F7$ $Cm7$ $F7$ ] ] ] [.$F7$ [.$Ebm7$ $Bbm7$ $Ebm7$ ] [.$F7$ [.$F7$ $Gb$ $F7$ ] ] ] ] $Bbm7$ ] $Ebm7$ ] $Ab$ ]

which uses open constituents.

'Zingaro (Retrato Em Branco E Preto)' Open I-V constituent

I don't know the tune, can't say anything more..

'Why Do I Love You?' Open I-V constituents (four of them)

OK, I think.

'Time On My Hands'

OK, as far as I can tell

'Them There Eyes' Open I-V constituent

Might instead be a I-ii open constituent if we move the treelet rooted at
the Bb7 at 010000 to be the head of the Ab tree at 00 (aligning with the
way things are arranged in the B part). This may definitely make things
more complex though, and requires "open predominants".

'Stella by Starlight'

OK

'So Nice (Summer Samba)' Open I-V constituent

Apart from that mostly OK. Do you see Eb7 as preparing or prolonging the
C7?

'Remember'

OK

'Nuages' Open I-V constituent

OK otherwise.

'My Melancholy Baby' Open I-V constituent

Looks OK, but I can't necessarily match the chords to the tune

'Look For The Silver Lining' Open I-V constituent

LGTM

'In A Little Spanish Town'











